# 00. Intro

Hello and welcome to my coding course to build a full-fledged admin dashboard by the best tech stack in the world: Nextjs 15, React 19, Drizzle Orm, and Shadcn UI.

This admin dashboard is the updated version of acme project on https://nextjs.org/learn
Here I walk you though all steps to build a real-world admin dashboard from scratch.

- we will develop a responsive homepage that follows the best design practices we have. A header with hero section and call to action button to login.
- A dashboard screen with sidebar navigation on desktop and header menu on mobile device.
- We'll create stat boxes, bar charts, data tables on dashboard page.
- invoice management from where you can filter, create, update and delete invoices.
- also we'll create customers page where you can filter users based on their name and email.

My name is Basir and I’ll be your instructor in this course. I am a senior web developer in international companies like ROI Vision in Montreal, and a coding instructor with 50 thousands students around the world.

You need to open the code editor along with me and start coding throughout this course.
I teach you:

- creating admin dashboard web app by next.js 15 and react 19
- designing header, footer, sidebar, menu and search box by shadcn and tailwind
- enable partial pre-rendering to improve website performance
- create database models by drizzle orm and postgres database to handle invoices, customers and users.
- handling form inputs by useActionState and Zod data validator
- updating data by server actions without using any api
- rendering beautiful charts by recharts
- handling authentication and authorization by next-auth
- and toggling dark and light theme by next-theme
- at the end you'll learn how to deploy admin dashboard on vercel.

I designed this course for beginner web developers who want to learn all new features of next 15 and react 19 features in a real-world project. If you are or want to a web developer, take this course to become a professional web developer, have a great project in your portfolio and get a job in 22 million job opportunities around the world.

The only requirement for this course is having basic knowledge on react and next.js.

Feel free to take a look at the course preview and enroll if it is along with your ambitions.

## Lessons

1. create home page
2. create login page
3. create dashboard page
4. connect to database by drizzle orm
5. load stats boxes data from database
6. display revenue chart
7. create latest invoices table
8. authenticate user from database
9. list or delete invoices
10. create or update invoices
11. list customers
12. enable partial pre-rendering
13. deploy app on vercel
